Update enrich-products-variants.md (#327)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/md/products-super-power/enrich-products-variants.md

:::

:::info

> Since the 2.2, you can also mass delete product models. **If you delete product models, all their children (product models and variant products) are also deleted.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the 2.2 version, you can also mass delete product models or delete product model directly from the product grid (by clicking on the trash icon). **If you delete product models, all their children (sub product models if any and they ariant products) will also be deleted.**
```

Reviewer 2: Remove the "Since the 2.2 version", as you are merging in master it's the doc for the 3.x, we don't in which 2.x version it was introduced.
```suggestion
You can also mass delete product models. **If you delete product models, all their children (sub product models if any and they variant products) will also be deleted.**
```

Reviewer 3: J'arrive trop tard, les filles ont déjà fait leurs commentaires ;)
